the video may be offensive to
wachiturros reguetoneros and beliebers by
please read this do not bother with your
shit comments that not even
answer xd
do not
hello my name is soldier of fair one
I have returned approximately after a
year and a half without making videos and
I was thinking about some
interesting proposals good xd
let's start today I'm going to
talk about games that you can
download on your pc are not so delayed
to download and everyone has their touch
special good without further ado
let's start, I recommend you download the
wings pro is an emulator that is not so
heavy and you can read any game
of gba game boy color or nintendo ds in
the personal I have it and it is incredible
with most games I've tried
except for those of that because because
I usually get stuck a lot because my pc
it is very slow compared to other
There is a huge range of games but
I am fascinated by those who bring me
memories of my childhood like all the
sequel to pokemon or the games of
dragon ball I will leave you some links in
the one game designed by the former byte in
which you can enter the characters
that you want I recommend you download
the dragon ball z very in 2012 or yes
they want to start from scratch download
the last mugen that has left the yang
she is a woman who has almost no fault
For example, I would never have loved you
see a fight between mario and sonic
now you can make it come true in this
king of fighters or deadly style game
kombat my favorite character is the
supreme kiss and if of the characters
they see in my wife they need characters
just ask for them to my channel and I'll upload them to
mediafire now we will proceed with the
third great game that I recommend that is
super smash flash 2 can download
on the mac page leod gaming dotcom is
very entertaining and good to be a
simple flash game possesses many
characters but still not found
I recommend you to Goku since
It has a lot of movements
good and has a good speed I think
That has been everything I say goodbye
Justin Bieber can go fuck xd